We do have this button in the header,
so here we get the save data button and we can of course add a click listener here to call save data in
this place and then add the appropriate method down there,
save data, like this.
Now how do we save data?
Well generally, we can now execute all the logic here,
we could also create an action and a mutation in vuex but we're not really mutating the state so
that doesn't sound right,
why call it a mutation if it doesn't change anything,
that's not how we want to use vuex.
Instead I can basically store my data in a constant here and create an object which has all the data
I need which would be my funds, my stock portfolio and my overall stocks,
so these are the three data pieces I have
including the current prices of course,
so after hitting end day several times, we of course want to store the recent state and then I can simply
get all this data from this store getters funds and of course I could use map getters instead, here
it's from getters stock portfolio and down there, it's from stocks.
So I'm getting all the data from my store,
now I'm storing it in this data constant I create
and I can now pass this constant so I will use http with dollar sign, $http accessing vue resource
here and I will send a put request because remember on firebase, using put requests will override the old
data
and that's exactly what I want,
I only want to keep one record.
I want to put to data.json,
that's the name of the node I wanted to create, of course you can choose any name you want but
.json is important
otherwise it will not work
and then I will send data as an argument like this.
Well let's try this out,
if I go back to my application and hit save data, we see a data node was created in firebase with funds
and stocks, no portfolio because we don't have a portfolio,
so let's quickly add some items to the portfolio, hit end day and now save it.
Now you see it was over written, the funds were updated, the stock portfolio looks good with ID
BMW,
the prices on the stocks also look all right.
So this works as intended,
we're now correctly storing the data on our firebase service and I think it was pretty easy to be honest,
not that many steps.
Now let's hook up that load button too.